fix: clarified OS version (#4204)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/reference/supported-environments.md

| Identity    | OpenJDK 17+  | Keycloak 24.x, 25.x<br/>PostgreSQL 14.x, 15.x or Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL 13.x, 14.x, 15.x (required for [certain features](/self-managed/identity/deployment/configuration-variables.md#database-configuration)) |
| Optimize    | OpenJDK 21+  | Elasticsearch 8.13+<br/>Amazon OpenSearch 2.9+                                                                                                                                                                    |
| Connectors  | OpenJDK 21+  |                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| Web Modeler | -            | PostgreSQL 13.x, 14.x, 15.x, 16.x or Amazon Aurora PostgreSQL 13.x, 14.x, 15.x, 16.x                                                                                                                              |

When running Elasticsearch, you must have the [appropriate Elasticsearch privileges](/self-managed/concepts/elasticsearch-privileges.md).

> When running Amazon OpenSearch 2.11 and higher on the [OR1 instances](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/opensearch-service/latest/developerguide/or1.html),
> consider the indexes refresh interval limitation. Camunda components may fail to start if the index refresh interval
> is set below minimal instance value.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
When running Amazon OpenSearch 2.11 or higher, we do not support [OR1 instances](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/opensearch-service/latest/developerguide/or1.html) due to the [limitation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/opensearch-service/latest/developerguide/or1.html#or1-considerations) for the index refresh interval. More information can be found [here](https://docs.camunda.io/docs/next/self-managed/setup/guides/using-existing-opensearch/)
```
